{
"name": "Anger Management"
"description": "Participants discussed the emotion of anger and how it affects the body and mind. We discussed emotional and physical responses of anger, and referenced primary and secondary emotions concerning anger. Participants identified their current responses to anger, there support system for when they become angry, events/situations which make them angered, and new ways of dealing with and expressing their anger. Participants completed the "Anger Hand" activity. They were encouraged to discuss what stops them from trying new ways of anger management techniques, and encouraged to become aware of their reactions both emotionally and physically."
               "Participants discussed the emotion of anger and how it affects the body and mind. We discussed emotional and physical responses of anger, and referenced primary and secondary emotions concerning anger. Participants identified their current responses to anger by drawing/coloring where they experience anger physically within the body and what anger looks like. We discussed the importance of becoming aware of physical cues to better identify sources of anger and intense emotions."
}

{
"name": "Art Therapy/Feelings"
"description": "Group members participated in a creative outlet activity based off of the topic of emotion awareness. Members explored their basic knowledge of emotions and feelings. Members then were instructed to draw out how they were feeling at that point in time. They were encouraged to use their creativity and to utilize various lines, shapes, colors, and materials. Soothing music was played in the background to encourage relaxation. This group activity was done as a combination activity of the multidisciplinary team members, as group members were encouraged to process their drawings in talk therapy."
}

                "Co-Occuring" to "",
                "Communication Skills" to "",
                "Coping Skills" to "",
                "Discharge Game" to "",
                "Emotions" to "",
                "Empowerment" to "",
                "Fitness Facts" to "",
                "Goals" to "",
                "Impulse Control" to "",
                "Jenga" to "",
                "Leisure Education" to "",
                "Life Skills Game" to "",
                "Masking" to "",
                "Mindfulness" to "",
                "Needs vs Wants" to "",
                "Nutrition" to "",
                "Problem Solving" to "",
                "Relaxation/Stress Management" to "",
                "Self-Esteem" to "",
                "Time Management" to "",
                "Values" to "",
                "Wellness" to "")